Added refresh token rotation configuration section to Apps API reference (#1620)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/apps/index.md

| `NONE`              | `REQUIRED`                         | `IMPLICIT`                    | Not prompted |
<!-- If you change this section, change it in authorization-servers.md (/docs/reference/api/authorization-servers/#scope-properties) and oidc.md (/docs/reference/api/oidc/#scopes) as well. Add 'LOGIN' to the first three rows when supported -->

> * The `refresh_token` <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> is visible only if the client has `refresh_token` as one of its `grant_types`. See [Refresh Token object](#refresh-token-object) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `refresh_token` <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> parameter is visible only if the client has `refresh_token` defined as one of its allowed `grant_types`. See [Refresh token object](#refresh-token-object).
```

}
```

#### Refresh token object

Determines the refresh token rotation configuration for the OAuth 2.0 client.

| Property                   | Description                                                       | DataType | Nullable |
| -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | -------- |
| rotation_type              | The refresh token rotation mode for the OAuth 2.0 client          | `STATIC` or `ROTATE` | FALSE |

> | leeway                     | The leeway allowed for the OAuth 2.0 client                       | Number               | TRUE |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| leeway                     | The leeway allowed for the OAuth 2.0 client. After the refresh token is rotated, the previous token remains valid for the configured amount of time to allow clients to get the new token.                       | Number               | TRUE |
```

* Refresh token rotation is an <ApiLifecycle access="ea" /> feature.

> * When you create or update an OAuth 2.0 client you can specify the refresh token rotation configuration by setting the `rotation_type` and `leeway` properties. If `refresh_token` configuration is not provided, the default values will be used for creation and previously configured values will be used for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you create or update an OAuth 2.0 client, you can configure refresh token rotation by setting the `rotation_type` and `leeway` properties within the `refresh_token` object. If you don't set these properties, the default values are used when you create an app and your previously configured values are used when you update an app.
```

> * For Single-Page Applications (SPAs) the default `rotation_type` is `ROTATE`. For all other clients, it is `STATIC`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default `rotation_type` value is `ROTATE` for Single-Page Applications (SPAs). For all other clients, the default is `STATIC`.
```

> * The `rotation_type` field is required if the request contains the `refresh_token` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `rotation_type` property is required if the request contains the `refresh_token` object.
```

> * The `leeway` field ranges from [0, 60] with a default value of 30.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `leeway` property values can be between 0 and 60. The default value is `30`.
```

> * The `leeway` property values can be between 0 and 60. The default value is `30`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `leeway` property value can be between 0 and 60. The default value is `30`.
```
